Add Enphase_envoy manual token entry description (#44209)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/enphase_envoy.markdown

  <figcaption>Envoy IQ Metered Collar and C6 Combiner Controller entities.</figcaption>
</figure>

### Coordinator entities

These entities represent the state of the Enphase Envoy coordinator.

- **Envoy <abbr title="Envoy serial number">SN</abbr> Token lifetime**: Number of days until the Envoy access token expires. Updated once a day.

## Data polling interval

> All data is collected in one coordinated collection cycle and sourced from a limited set of endpoints on the Envoy. For example, three different values sourced from the same endpoint are not pulled in three different requests but provided from the same single request. This method minimizes the number of requests to the Envoy. The local REST API of the Envoy is used. The Enphase cloud is only used when configuring an Envoy and when the one-year valid token is to expire. 1 month before the expiry date, a new token is requested from the Enphase website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All data is collected in a single coordinated collection cycle and sourced from a limited set of endpoints on Envoy. For example, three different values sourced from the same endpoint are not pulled in three separate requests but are provided in a single request. This method minimizes the number of requests to the Envoy. The local REST API of the Envoy is used. The Enphase cloud is only used when configuring an Envoy and when the one-year-valid token is about to expire. 30 days before the expiry date, a new token is requested from the Enphase website.
```
should this be 30 days instead of 1 month? 
https://github.com/home-assistant/core/pull/166063/changes#diff-3b7ccffbd9fe52a66d6504139e4a084e40e7c4961761cd2a10908c3c1dc5744aR29

Author: Yes, good catch!

## Troubleshooting

### Enphase authentication issues

> If you experience authentication errors during the (re-)configuration of the Envoy, verify if multi-factor authentication (MFA) is enabled for your Enphase account. When using MFA, automatic token retrieval will fail and you need to use manual token entry as described in [Credentials and/or token configuration](#credentials-andor-token-configuration). Any of the errors below indicate that MFA is enabled on your Enphase cloud account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you experience authentication errors during the (re-)configuration of the Envoy, verify if multi-factor authentication (MFA) is enabled for your Enphase account. When using MFA, automatic token retrieval will fail, and you need to use manual token entry as described in [Credentials and/or token configuration](#credentials-andor-token-configuration). Any of the errors below indicates that MFA is enabled on your Enphase cloud account.
```
